A Childhood in Cantorlot

Written by: Sand-wolf579 


CHAPTER ONE

Working out in the orchards all day was hard work, but Big Macintosh had been doing it for years so he was used to it. At least he had a variety of chores to do, unlike his sister. Applejack's only job was to buck apples, for the most part. Big Mac helped out with that too, but he also plowed the fields, repaired everything that broke, he ran the farm.
Today though he was bucking apples. It was Applejack's job today, but she had run off early that morning to be with her friends. Even though this meant more work for Big Mac, he didn't complain. Why would he complain about his sisters having fun with their friends?
Speaking of his sisters he could see little Apple Bloom, and strangely enough, she was alone. Big Macintosh thought that was weird, Apple Bloom was rarely seen without the other cutie mark crusaders, and she never came home right after school. Big Macintosh sighs and takes a break from his bucking to go see what his sister was doing here.
As Big Mac nears his youngest sister she turns to look at him with her big, sad eyes. When he's by her he doesn't say anything, he knew that if she wanted to talk to him then she would. Sure enough she soon says "Whoever came up with the idea of school aught to be imprisoned."
Looking at her brother she says "Big Mac, why do ponies have to be so mean to each other?"
Big Mac sits on the ground beside his sister and says "Ah don't know. Did somethin' happen at school today?" Apple Bloom shakes her head and looks up at the sky for a minute then she nods and says "Well, it wasn't today, it happened yesterday. Diamond Tiara just started pickin' on somepony, which is normal fer her, but then everypony else started pickin' on him too." Apple Bloom sighs and continues "Ah even laughed at him a little, ah feel just awful. Ah guess ah was just happy that ah wasn't the one being laughed at."

Apple Bloom stands up and starts pacing around, continuing her story. "Ah didn't think it was that bad, until he left school early, he looked really upset. And he didn't come to school today, ah guess he doesn't want to get picked on anymore."

Big Macintosh nods and says "Do you know why this colt was bein' bullied?" Apple Bloom nods and sits down again, "It's because he's different, even though he has his cutie mark." Apple Bloom looks up at her big brother and says "Ah thought that ponies only got bullied if they don't have cutie marks, ah guess ah was wrong."

"Eeyup," Big Macintosh says, standing up and walking off to do more apple bucking, gesturing for his sister to follow him so he could talk to her and still get some work done.

"It's usually the pony's who are different who get bullied," Big Mac says, "Most of the time the only thing different about em is if they don't have a cutie mark." Big Mac sighs and says "But there are other differences in ponies, and those don't often go away. Those ponies that are different don't often have many friends.

Apple Bloom looks at her brother curiously, "You seem to know a lot about this." Big Mac nods and says, "Ah'm gonna tell ya'll a story, about a pony who was different."

"Did this pony have any friends?" Apple Bloom asks, Big Mac smiles and says "This colt had his family, but he did also have a friend.."

"Is it a true story?" Apple Bloom asks, she gasps and asks "Is it about you? Were you the friend of the pony?" Big Macintosh chuckles and says "No, ah was the pony that got bullied."

"You were?" Apple Bloom asks, looking sadly at her brother, "But why, you're not too different from everypony else, you're just shy." Big Mac shakes his head,

"No, ah wasn't just shy, there was a lot of things tha' ah was tha' was different." Looking at his sister Big Mac says "Do ya want ta hear the story?"

Apple Bloom nods vigorously and Big Mac begins his story.

"It all started when I was younger then you are now…"Continue reading here: tiny.cc/ponyfanfic