Sunny Skies All Day Long  

by PhantomFox  

The sun was setting in Canterlot with the moon just creeping over the horizon.  Princess Celestia walked into her bedroom, her mane put up into curlers.  Luna followed close behind her, listening intently while sipping a cup of coffee as Celestia related the tale of her most recent visit to Ponyville.  "I mean, seriously Luna, this is the second time they could have avoided the problem by simply ASKING me. Why don't they feel like they can just talk to me? It's like I'm Princess Celestia instead of Princess Celestia.”  Celestia’s horn glowed as she levitated her crown off of her head.  She briefly considered flinging it against the wall in frustration, but composed herself and set it down in its place on her bedside table.  She floated over her nightgown to guard against the chill night air of the mountain as she vented her annoyance to her sister.  “I have everypony bowing and scraping before me over every little thing, as if I'd bring down my wrath upon them over a burnt biscuit or some-such frivolity. Just because I have power doesn't mean I fling it around willy-nilly! I mean, banishment over a pet? Where do they get such ideas?"  Luna said nothing, but dropped her eyes to the floor and took another sip of her coffee.  Celestia’s face softened and she walked over to Luna, raising Luna’s head with a hoof and giving her a loving nuzzle.  "Oh Luna, don't give me that look. I banished Nightmare Moon, not Princess Luna. We've been over this, remember? You're my sister and I love you dearly.”  Celestia smiled and walked over to the royal bed.  She sighed as she pulled back the covers, looking back over at her younger sister.  “In fact, it seems like you're the only one I can talk to sometimes.  As an equal at least. I wish sometimes everypony else could see past the crown and see me.”  Luna smiled and set down her coffee as she walked over to Celestia.  "Why don't you?"  "Excuse me? I'm... not sure I understand.  Why don’t I what?"  "Why don't you set the crown down for a day? It sounds like you want a day off from being royalty."  Celestia just laughed and continued to prepare the bed.  "Oh, that's just silly. I have so much to do! I couldn't!"  "I'm sure you could make time if you tried. Say that you have an urgent meeting with somepony that just came up and can't wait."  Celestia paused in her work, pondering the practicality of the idea before shaking her head and lying down on her bed.  "... oh, that does sounds tempting. But what am I thinking?  Where would I go?  I couldn't go anywhere without somepony seeing me. A visit from the Princess is always news."  Luna’s smile broadened as the solution came to her.  "Then don't go as the Princess."  "Oh Luna, it's not like I can stop being... the... hmm..."  Luna walked up to Celestia’s bed, highlighting the size difference between them.  "Remember how different I looked as Nightmare Moon than I do now? Would anyone recognize you without your power showing?"  Celestia sat up in bed, her eyes sparkling as the idea dug its way through her imagination.  "... that might actually work. It’s been centuries since I took on my power.  Nopony would remember me without it.  Oh... I would love to be able to talk to everypony without them worrying about my rank."  Luna laughed at her older sister’s wistful expression and brought over a scroll and a pen.  "You should do it, sis! It sounds like you need this. I don't think even your best student would recognize you!"  Celestia laughed and summoned an ink pot from across the room and started scribbling down some notes.  “You're right! It'd be nice to see Twilight casually. Heh, what did somepony hear her say that one time? 'There's nothing casual about a visit from royalty'? Well, perhaps that's true, but what about a visit from ‘Sunny Skies’?"  Luna beamed to see Celestia so excited about her idea.  She took the covers in her mouth and tucked Celestia in.  "I'll leave you to your planning sis.  Have a restful night."  "You have a good night Luna.  I’ll see you when it’s time for dawn.”  Luna blew out the lamp, laughing as she heard a giggle of excitement from her normally composed big sister.  “Ooh, this is going to be FUN!"    A few days later, Princess Celestia found herself by a lonely lake a fair ways outside of Canterlot.  Pacing back and forth with excitement, she reviewed her mental checklist once more.  She had managed to ditch her guards, as they thought she was meeting with a representative from Stalliongrad.  With Luna’s help, she left them guarding an empty room while she snuck out the back and made it to this nearby lake.  Looking up at the sky, she noted that the sun was in its proper place and made a few last minute adjustments to its course to ensure it progressed properly throughout her day off.  Now... for the important part.  Celestia closed her eyes and focused on herself.  She could feel the power of the sun radiating through her, giving her the magnificent presence that made her stand out.  The sun’s power was a part of her, and she couldn’t get rid of it.  But she could cloak it.  Focusing power through her horn, she dampened her own power.  She felt itchy all over as she felt herself shrink down, and her mane and tail shorten.  After a few minutes she opened her eyes again.  The first thing to hit her was the fact that the world looked so different from a few feet closer to the ground.  She trotted over to the lake, and peered into her own reflection.  Looking back at her was a simple white alicorn with a plain pink mane and tail.  Oh, it had been such a long time since she had looked like this.  Turning to the side she noted her cutie mark was still there.  That simply would not do.  Every coin of Equestria had her cutie mark on it, and Luna’s on the reverse.  But she had come prepared.  Taking a satchel she had brought with her, she stashed her crown, gilded boots, and necklace in it.  No ordinary pony would have such things!