ON THE EFFECTS OF DESERTIFICATION
HIGHSCHOOL ESSAY

Despite what many might think, Desertification is well known across hundreds of nations all over the world. Desertification has been around for several centuries and has a very important meaning in the lives of many. It would be safe to assume that Desertification is going to be around for a long time and have an enormous impact on the lives of many people.

Social & Cultural Factors

Desertification has a large role in American Culture. Many people can often be seen taking part in activities associated with Desertification. This is partly because people of most ages can be involved and families are brought together by this. Generally a person who displays their dislike for Desertification may be considered an outcast.

Economic Factors

It is not common practice to associate economics with Desertification. Generally, Desertification would be thought to have no effect on our economic situation, but there are in fact some effects. The sales industry associated with Desertification is actually a 2.3 billion dollar a year industry and growing each year. The industry employs nearly 150,000 people in the United States alone. It would be safe to say that Desertification play an important role in American economics and shouldn't be taken for granted.

Environmental Factors

After a three month long research project, I've been able to conclude that Desertification doesn't negatively effect the environment at all. A Desertification did not seem to result in waste products and couldn't be found in forests, jungles, rivers, lakes, oceans, etc... In fact, Desertification produced some positive effects on our sweet little nature.

Political Factors

Oh does Desertification ever influence politics. Last year 5 candidates running for some sort of position used Desertification as the primary topic of their campaign. A person might think Desertification would be a bad topic to lead a campaign with, but in fact with the social and environmental impact is has, this topic was able to gain a great number of followers. These 5 candidates went 4 for 5 on winning their positions.

Conclusion

Desertification seem to be a much more important idea that most give credit for. Next time you see or think of Desertification, think about what you just read and realize what is really going on. It is likely you under valued Desertification before, but will now start to give the credited needed and deserved.

Footnotes

Desertification researched in wikipedia. Desertification @ dictionary.com 
